1.8 documentation updates: Concepts & menu structure (#11979)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/concepts/ipam/index.rst

.. _address_management:

****************************
IP Address Management (IPAM)
****************************

IP Address Management (IPAM) is responsible for the allocation and management
of IP addresses used by network endpoints (container and others) managed by

> Cilium. Various IPAM modes are supported to the meet the needs of different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cilium. Various IPAM modes are supported to meet the needs of different
```

> Cilium. Various address management modes are supported to the meet the needs of
> different users:

Reviewer 2: Nit: 
```suggestion
Cilium. Various IPAM modes are supported to the meet the needs of
different users:
```
I find that referring to the topic at hand by its explicit name and proper noun ("IPAM" here) is clearer, than the improper noun, "address management"
